Hello everyone.
Welcome back to Part 9 of the blog clone project.
We've already finished quite a few templates such as the base that H Tim L which is going to be extended
to every other template has the nav bar all the SS and Javascript calls.
Then we also did the template view that simple about that HTL page where we just had two basic lines.
We also did the post list which is going to be the list of all the blog titles in the comments et.
The Xs or home page.
And then once you click on those blog titles or the comments it takes that post detail page where that's
the actual blog content.
So let's now continue by filling out the rest of the templates.
Now we're going to start off by doing the post form so if you're want to edit or create a new post you're
going to be taken to the post form that each time template.
So that's where we'll start.
And let's hop over to the editor and get started.
OK.
Here you have the post form that each team is all ready to go and have the extends and the block content
plus the end block.
And let's just put a header in here will say Heading 1 I'll say something like.
New Post.
And we're going to create a form here so we'll call form we'll give it a class.
Post dush form in case we ever want to have a class that does something like this doesn't really in
action because reason Gengel for that.
And then the method should be post.
I always like having it in capital letters just because that makes it more clear to me.
So I'll put that in and then if any form as we know we need a C SRF token.
So we shall say whip's C S R F underscore tokin and that is going to inject the actual form Daut as
P.
And remember back in the form page we had that which is attribute which is going to let me have classes
to individual elements here.
So in case I never really need to use post form I already have the class set up where I can actually
grab particular elements or widgets from that form.
And then finally we're going to need a button.
So we'll create a button there'll be type submit so we can actually submit this.
And let's give it a class that kind of goes with the look and feel of bootstraps so we'll say Well to
give it the same class in case we ever want to effect this particular button and we'll say between between
default.
So you probably notice I'm kind of creating classes like go along that templates.
Some of these I'll use some of these I will ever use.
But what's nice about these classes is if I ever need to actually do some CSSA editing on this particular
button it already has its own class call which I can add some more submit buttons.
And what's also nice is just reading the sample itself makes it a lot easier to understand what's going
on these classes.
Regardless if I use them or not.
So let me collapse this directory tree get ourselves a little more room.
The nameless but we actually don't need to have a name so I'll believe that.
And let's just have this be save.
And then that's the end of the form just form the token.
And then the button itself.
And here is where I'm going to call script.
So you remember back to when we were exploring the medium Ed. page I'm going to call script here and
basically follow along of what they said.
So you can check back on that video or on that demo page.
But what they said to do is create this editor variable here on the page and then set it equal to a
new medium.
Editor object and then have it grab the edible at the will.
However you would say that and then save this and remember that this edible class is attached here as
a widget.
So if you go back to the actual models or forms.
So it's come back to models or actually it was under forms come back here.
There it is.
So here there are post forms remember were added to this and this edible class for the text itself.
So that central is going to help us link when we're working with the post form page here.
This medium editor and whip's had too many EEs there.
OK so save that now we should be good to go there.
So that's our post form page.
Now let's create a post draft list so maybe you haven't published this yet.
In which case you have the list of all your drafts.
So this one also going to be quite simple.
We're going have a for loop that's just going to go for the posts and then give some sort of creation
date.
So let's do that say four posts and posts
and then we need an end to four here.
And four and then one I'm going to do is add in a div so we'll call this the post class again.
May or may not use this but can help us read along here.
We'll have a paragraph tag give that give that the class I think we're calling them dates.
Now we'll say created and then we're going to inject here postop created underscore dates and we've
seen before I can added this template filter where we all say dates Elisha's have it be the wups dash
y ok and then we're going to do next is let's have a heading one with an anchor tag where the ref will
take you to that actual post detail page.
So we'll go you are all post the detail the primary key being equal to the post-up primary key.
And this will just be the post-Idol.
So the post-Idol will take you to that post e-tail page which kind of makes sense.
Clopton that victory tree get a little more room and then we'll have the actual post texts all eject
button as well.
Post that text and I'm going to use another filter called truncate characters which is just going to
help this as far as formatting.
Not necessary but kind of up to you.
So how truncate C H R C H R S 200.
OK so that's it for the draft list.
Basically it's going to do is go through all the posts in the post and then say when it was created
and if you click on the link I'll take you to the post detail page and all truncate some characters
so you don't see everything.
So we'll save that.
And now we have our post-draft list ready to go.
Let's start with this view.
So we have this post confirmed delete.
That's actually a really simple.
Once you click on the delete view there needs to be some sort of a success you are all that will say
hey do you want to delete this.
So we'll create a form for the basic form doesn't need an action and we don't even really need to give
it a class since it's essentially just a button here.
An organ to do is inside this form.
I'm going to create the C-s or token
token and then we'll just have something like.
Are you sure you want to delete questionmark.
And let's actually inject object here.
So this is something that delete view does automatically the object itself has that name or you want
to lead it as we saw before when we were working a class based views and then we'll have an input and
the type will be submit and let's give it a class and let's say between beats and danger which is always
a good call when you're going to do it the view have it be danger.
In our case where he won't be using his coloring eventually the loader will overwrite that coloring.
But for your more basic sites where you're not have we don't have such funky CSSA calls with color changing
a danger is a good call for the sort of the late buttons it doesn't need a name but let's give it a
value or something like confirm or deletes or whatever you want.
Save that and that's it for the post confirmed delete page.
So really similar to what we've done in the past with the views.
So that's it for that we have post form each time I'll read to go.
Common form is something we haven't done yet.
So that's going to be a really similar form to the draft or the post form excuse me and let's create
H-1 and this will be a new comments and then all we're gonna do is say form and we can give it a class
post form just so I can refer to it later.
It doesn't need any sort of action call.
And then all we're gonna do here is give it a C SRF token
and then say form as the.
Give it a button and this button will say it's a submit typed button doesn't need the name.
Let's give it a class we'll give it the same class that we did earlier say between PTEN defaults and
doesn't need a name so we'll take that out.
But we will give it some text here that says something like post comments and that can be the end of
the form.
And since I want the form or the comment form itself to have the same capabilities of the medium editor
I'll add in that script here as well.
So kind of up to you whether you want the comments to have such flexibility but just so we explore what's
possible here.
And the same thing.
So we say the variable editor has two new medium Ed. And then we'll adjust the class to be edible or
editable and semi-colons and that.
OK so let's open up all the templates and make sure we finished all of them we have the about page ready
to go.
We have a base that age you know rates ago comment forms ready post confirm deletes ready detail page
in the post draft list ready post forums ready post list is ready and then we still have this log in
each.
That's also ready.
Looks like we finished all our templates so let's come over here to blog that CSSA and finish just a
couple of those CSSA calls.
This is basically totally optional and this is where a lot of your personal choices will come into play
as far as what you actually want the blog to look like.
So don't worry too much about Oregon to be doing here.
This is just so it lines up with the actual example code from the notes.
So I've taken care of this tech font.
That's the font that goes in that nav bar will have big brand that just makes it a little larger center
stage just kind of centers things a little bit more.
And then we have the loader so we create kind of loops something that says Here color changer.
Below comment that out and add in some of my own classes.
So something we also did was this postdates which I'm going to say text align center and some of the
classes we made we won't be calling here so just keep that in mind and then I'm also going to create
a post title.
So post-Idol will give it the same font family as Rousseau one but maybe make the same font size a little
bigger.
So the actual title the post font family grew so on and then let's make the post-Idol like 3M just so
it's quite a bit larger.
And then we'll have the text align center so it's centered there.
So that's the post title.
And then for the actual post content itself.
So how about post content class and then I'm going to give that the font family of well let's say that
Monserrat.
And then I will add in a font size that makes it the same font size as the post detail view.
There we go that way when you're editing it or viewing it all isn't the same size.
And I believe we already did something called center stage up here so that was good.
And something else we want to maybe have those buttons so I think we created one called DTN comment
button.
To add in position so we absolute's and we'll see if this actually affects and we'll bring in all the
weights of the right.
I have zero pixels so that's just kind of the add comment and shifting all the way to the right.
And we already have big brand ready to go.
I believe we scroll up.
OK big brands where did it go.
So we finished off the CSA.
And the race the rest of the templates.
So we should be mostly good to go it might need to do a quick review.
Do any bug finding but we finished basically like 99 percent of the site.
OK.
So coming up next we're going to kind of wrap everything up and see if everything worked.
Maybe de-bug a little bit.
I'll see it the next lecture.